# codefundo

Our project mainly focuses on making voting process easier and more accessible for electors. Through our project we will be giving voters the opportunity to vote at any time and anywhere before the deadline. We will be implementing the internet voting in our project using azure blockchain. The three pillars of our project would be transparency(the voter's identity would be hidden by complex cryptography and represented by their public id's), security(which will be ensured by cryptographic hashing) and immutability(the vote can be casted and changed as many times as possible before the deadline, but once it the deadline is over, the already casted votes cannot be tampered with). We will be creating a blockchain of all the constituencies in a state. Each block of constituency will have all the parties which are eligible to compete in the elections. Whosoever has to vote, will cast a vote to a particular party in their constituency. The party which gets the maximum number of votes in the constituency will win in that constituency.The political party which has won in maximum number of constituencies will be declared as the winner in that particular state. We want to implement this idea at a state level, suppose someone is not even present in the country at the time of election, then they don't have to go to their respective constituency to cast the vote, instead they can simply vote online which will be very convenient and secure. They would just need their private ID and they can cast their vote. This process will be decentralized(peer to peer) and transparent and also the voter can change their vote as many times as they want before the deadline. This project will have to the potential to increase their voter turnout and enhance electoral efficiency. This way the traditional form of voting would be preserved and it would be less expensive and there'd be no ballot errors or EVM accusations.
